Discourage using explicit package references to ILCompiler to publish (#74591)
dotnet/runtime: src/coreclr/nativeaot/docs/compiling.md

Please consult [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/deploying/native-aot) for instructions how to compile and publish application.

> The rest of this document covers advanced topics only. Adding an explicit package references to 'Microsoft.DotNet.ILCompile' can generate warnings when publishing and is only supported on a narrow set of scenarios. When possible, use the SDK options to publish a native AOT application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of this document covers advanced topics only. Adding an explicit package references to 'Microsoft.DotNet.ILCompile' will generate warning when publishing and it can run into version errors. When possible, use the PublishAot property to publish a native AOT application.
```

## Cross-architecture compilation

> Native AOT toolchain allows targeting ARM64 on an x64 host and vice versa for both Windows and Linux and is now supported in the SDK. Cross-OS compilation, such as targeting Linux on a Windows host, is not supported. To target win-arm64 on a Windows x64 host on an advanced scenario where the SDK support is not sufficient, in addition to the `Microsoft.DotNet.ILCompiler` package reference, also add the `runtime.win-x64.Microsoft.DotNet.ILCompiler` package reference to get the x64-hosted compiler:

Reviewer: > Native AOT toolchain allows targeting ARM64 on an x64 host and vice versa for both Windows and Linux and is now supported in the SDK.

Do we have the cross-compilation via SDK (e.g. the stuff about sysroot) documented in the official docs?

The detail about using same version of explicit package reference for cross-compilation should be the very last in this topic. The topic should lead with using PublishAot property for cross-compilation now that it is supported by the SDK.

Author: Created an issue, https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues/30889, for the official doc update
